Update README (#843)
ArcadeAI/arcade-ai: README.md

## What is arcade-mcp

`arcade-mcp` is the Python framework for building [Model Context Protocol](https://modelcontextprotocol.io) servers and the tools that run inside them. It powers the 7,500+ prebuilt tools across 81 MCP servers at [Arcade.dev](https://arcade.dev), and is open-sourced so you can build your own.

Use it when you need MCP tools that aren't already in the prebuilt catalog: internal APIs, custom OAuth providers, domain-specific integrations.

**Highlights:**

- Decorator API covering the full MCP spec: tools, resources, prompts, sampling, elicitation, progress, logging.
- [Authorized tool calling](#authorized-tool-calling). Declare `requires_auth=GitHub(scopes=["repo"])` and Arcade handles OAuth, token refresh, and per-call scoping. The client and the LLM never see the token.
- Vendor-neutral. Any MCP client, any LLM, any agent framework (LangChain, Mastra, Pydantic AI, CrewAI, Google ADK, OpenAI Agents).
- `arcade evals` for testing tool-call accuracy against real LLMs.
- `arcade deploy` for one-command hosting on Arcade Cloud.

## Authorized tool calling

> Tools can declare which OAuth scopes they need, and Arcade handles the rest: prompting the end user to authorize, storing and refreshing tokens, scoping them per call, and injecting them into your tool at runtime. **The client and the LLM never see the token.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tools can declare:

1. Which OAuth scopes they need, and Arcade handles the rest: prompting the end user to authorize, storing and refreshing tokens, scoping them per call
2. API keys or any other secrets, and Arcade hosts the secrets securely in an encrypted environment.

The secrets (OAuth tokens, API keys, etc) are securely injected by Arcade into your tool call at runtime, so that your tool can authorize requests to upstream APIs, for example. **The client and the LLM never see the secret values.**
```
